Improve staking implementation docs (#56)
trustwallet/developer: platform/staking.md

integrate their staking solution. With TrustWallet, you'll have access to millions of
users to help you grow and secure your network.

## Step 1: Talk about your implementation

> Create an issue in [Trust Platform](https://github.com/trustwallet/web-core/tree/master/packages/rpc/src/cosmos) describing your poject. Please fill the following questions before proceding with your implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an issue in [Trust Platform](https://github.com/trustwallet/web-core/issues) describing your poject. Please fill the following questions before proceding with your implementation:
```

4) Do you have any required step before staking? If yes, describe it.
   > Describe any required sep like token swap or balance freezing

## Return Staking Data
Trust Platform retrieve staking data from [blockatlas](https://github.com/trustwallet/blockatlas). Blockatlas is used as a common interface for querying data from different blockchains. To support staking you have to implement the following interfaces:

### [Models](https://github.com/trustwallet/blockatlas/blob/master/pkg/blockatlas/staking.go)

##### ValidatorPage
```go
type Amount string

type StakingReward struct {
  Annual float64 `json:"annual"`
}

type Validator struct {
  ID            string        `json:"id"`
  Status        bool          `json:"status"`
  Reward        StakingReward `json:"reward"`
  LockTime      int           `json:"locktime"`
  MinimumAmount Amount        `json:"minimum_amount"`
}

type ValidatorPage []Validator
```

##### DelegationsPage
```go
type DelegationStatus string

const (
  DelegationStatusActive  DelegationStatus = "active"
  DelegationStatusPending DelegationStatus = "pending"
)

type StakeValidatorInfo struct {
  Name        string `json:"name"`

>   Description string `json:"description"`

Reviewer 2: can you point to go lang code instead? it might change a bit and it will get oudated

Author: Ok. I'll remove the models sample and just tell them to check it out
